# An Analysis of Kickstarter Campaign
This is an analysis of thousands of different kickstarter campaigns specifically looking at what the fundraising goals were, whether they were met and if that lead to a succesful launch of the the kickstarter's end goal or product. I'm helping Louise, who made her own kickstarter campaign to put on a play, look through some of the data. She wants to compare her campaign with others similar in size and scope. 
## Findings
* Louise's campaign was to fundraise enough to put on the play, Fever. She didn't quite reach her goal, but she came close in a fairly short amouont of time. She was curious to compare with other similar campaigns so I created a pivot table and line graph for Outcomes Based on Launch Date as well as a sheet and line graph for Outcome Based on Goal. Looking at the first chart it's apparent that the months with the most succesful theather launches were in May, June, and July. Clearlyy summer is the season for theather. Towards the end of the year the total number of plays per month trends down, with the exception of October. Louise might consider a launch date in the summer if she wants to increase the chances of sucess. 
* Looking at the second chart on Outcomes Based on Goal we see a very high percentage (~71%) of campaigns with small goals (the less than 1,000) having sucessful launches. The higher the funding goal range, the less chance of sucess. As the goals increase from one range to the next, the rate of successful launches decreaes by about 7% until we hit the 20K goal range. From 20K raised to the 35K raised range it hovers at about about 41%-39%. Once the goal increasese from there, we see a dramatc drop in success. Based off of this, if Louise wants to increase the likelihood of success she for sure should consider making the fundrasing range on the lower end and defintiely avoid the higher end.
